# ORBS7220-MATH4837-Risk-and-Portfolio-Management-Assignment
ORBS7220/MATH4837 Risk and Portfolio Management Assignment
 Layout the intermediate steps systematically.  Give exact answers or round them to 4 decimals unless speciﬁed otherwise.  For percentages (e.g.  return and volatility), show 4 decimals after conversion to percentages, e.g.  ^σ = 12.3456%, not 0.1235.1.  [20 marks] A three-year bond with a yield of 6% p.a.  (continuously compounded) pays a 4% coupon at the end of each year.  The face value is $100. (a)  What is the bond's yield duration? (b)  Use the duration to estimate the bond's price if the yield decreases 0.1%. (c)  Recalculate the bond's price on the basis of a 5.9% per annum yield (continuously compounded). What is the error of the prediction in part (b)? (d)  Suppose that a second bond with a market price of $105 and a duration of 2.5 is used to hedge against interest rate risk.  How much face value of the second bond should one short for each $100 face value of the ﬁrst bond? 2.  [30 marks] The values of a stock index over four days are given in the table below. Day Index 0 20436 1 20794 2 21059 3 20751 The volatility on Day 2 is estimated with ^(σ)2  = ju1 j . (a)  Estimate the daily volatility ^σ3  on Day 3 using the EWMA model with λ = 0.95. (b)  Estimate the  daily volatility  ^σ3   on  Day  3  using the  GARCH(1,1)  model with α = 0.01, β = 0.95, γ = 0.04, and σL  = 0.01. (c)  Calculate the log-likelihood for part (b). (d)  Estimate the  daily volatility  ^σ3   on  Day  代 写ORBS7220/MATH4837 Risk and Portfolio Management Assignment 2SQL 代做程序编程语言3  using the  GARCH(1,1)  model with α = 0.02, β = 0.96, γ = 0.02, and σL  = 0.02. (e)  Calculate the log-likelihood for part (d). (f)  Which set of parameters, part (b) or (d), is better? 3.  [20 marks] A bank has two $10m one-year loans Outcome Probability Neither loan defaults 95% Loan 1 defaults, Loan 2 does not default 2.5% Loan 2 defaults, Loan 1 does not default 2.5% Both loans default 0% If Loan 1 defaults, the loss will be either $5m or $10m, with equal probability.  If Loan 2 defaults, the loss will be either $2m, $4m, $6m, $8m or $10m, with equal probability. For each loan, a proﬁt of $1m will be made in case of no default. (a)  Calculate the one-year 97% VaR for the portfolio of two loans. (b)  Calculate the one-year 97% ES for the portfolio of two loans. 4.  [30 marks] Now is the end of Day 3.  The stock price, daily return, and daily volatility over 4 days are depicted in the table. An investor has purchased 1000 shares. Day Stock price daily return daily volatility 0 5.0 — — 1 4.8 -4.0000% 0.1% 2 4.6 -4.1667% 0.4% 3 5.1 10.8698% 0.2% 4

0.2% (a)  Use historical simulation to estimate the volatility-adjusted daily losses  (under Scenario 1 to 3). (b)  Using the results in part (a), calculate the one-day 50% VaR on Day 4. (c)  Using the results in part (a), calculate the one-day 50% ES on Day 4.

Codinghelp Email:  📧 devlinfeng25@gmail.com
